Assurance Cases.md, before:

# Assurance Cases

### Assurance Case List

* #### [Home Assistant efecttively stores and protects sensitive user information.](#assurance-case-1)

* #### [INSERT NAME HERE](#assurance-case-2)

* #### [Home Assistant minimizes the risk when  adding IoT devices](#assurance-case-3)

* #### [Home Assistant efficiently prevents users from installing malicious addons.](#assurance-case-4)

* #### [INSERT NAME HERE](#assurance-case-5)

### Assurance Case 1
#### Home Assistant effectively stores and protects sensitive user information.

![Assurance Case 1 Diagram:](/images/Assurance_Case_1.PNG)

#### Evidence for Assurance Case 1
Home Assistant offers users the ability to edit the `configuration.yaml` file on the local network via a variety of different options. The `configuration.yaml` file is the base configuration file where users can add their [YAML]( https://yaml.org/) code to specify device settings. This gives users the ability to integrate devices that are not configurable through Home Assistants user interface. The `configuration.yaml` files is a plain-text file that is readable by anyone who has access to the file, as seen in rebuttal R1. The file contains API tokens, account usernames, and passwords. As seen in sub-claim C2, Home Assistant recommends users store their sensitive information in the [secrets.yaml]( https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/configuration/secrets/) file, which is a separate configuration file. `Secrets.yaml` allows users to replace sensitive information in the `configuration.yaml` file with `!secret`. `!secret` will tell the configuration file that the sensitive information is in `secrets.yaml`. However as seen in rebuttal R2, `secrets.yaml` still stores password information in plain test and resides in the same `config` folder as the `configuration.yaml` file. If the `config` folder is comprised, a malicious user will have access to sensitive account information and API keys. 

Sub-claim C3 and Evidence E1 and E2 help protect sensitive information by giving users different locations to store sensitive account information that is not in plain text. While `secrets.yaml` is mentioned in the Home Assistant setup documentation, they also mention [Keyrings]( https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/tools/keyring/) and [Credstash]( https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/tools/credstash/). E2 protects sensitive user data because there is no longer a `secrets.yaml` file in the base `config` folder. As seen in E1, sensitive data is replaced with `!secret` and will grab the sensitive data from Credstash or the Keyring. Credstash and Keyrings can still be compromised as seen in Undermine UM1. Sub-claims C4 focuses on Keyring and explains how sensitive information is stored on the Operating System and only accessible through password authentication (Evidence E3). Sub-claim C5 focuses on using Credstash which requires an Amazon Webservices (AWS) account set up and accounts must follow AWS password [guidelines]( https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_passwords_change-root.html) (Evidence E4). The passwords in E3 and E4 will protect sensitive user data from being compromised by a malicious user. Both Evidence E3 and E4 and their respective sub-claims allow more protection than what was offered in sub-claim C2. Now the standard user will not have to store a password in plaintext files that can be accessible by anyone on the local network.

Home Assistant resides on the local network and does not have any ports open to the internet when the device is initially set up, noted by Inference Rule IR1. Undercut UC1 undercuts IR1 because users can configure their device to allow SSH access by forwarding the appropriate ports on the device and their router. SSH does not come enabled by default and Home Assistant offers documentation on how to enable [SSH]( https://www.home-assistant.io/blog/2017/11/02/secure-shell-tunnel/). Sub-claim C6 claims that the user sets up SSH securely. Evidence E5 specifies that users should use SSH keys for authentication, it is also good practice to use SSH keys instead of passwords to prevent brute force password attempts. The documentation recommends authentication via SSH keys instead of passwords, but it does not inform the user to disable Password Authentication in the `sshd_config` file. As seen in Undermine UM2, if the user still has password authentication enabled the password can be brute forces. Sub-claim C7 says that if the user sets `PasswordAuthentication no` in the `sshd_config` file evidence E8 provides assurance that this is done by showing the setting in the `sshd_config` file.

Evidence E7 is directly stated in Home Assistants documentation. It prevents users from using SSH with their root account. They will need to create less privileged accounts to access Home Assistant over SSH, which is a good security practice, but their documentation does not specify how to create non-root accounts on a Linux based system, nor does it link to any sort of 3rd party documentation. This is a good security control and is standard practice amongst Cybersecurity professionals however Home Assistant documentation does not elaborate on this.

I would list sub-claim C7 and evidence E8 as a gap for Home Assistant configuration. While they do link to a [third party site]( https://docs.fedoraproject.org//en-US/Fedora/14/html/Deployment_Guide/s2-ssh-configuration-keypairs.html) with instructions on how to enable SSH keys, they should list in their configuration documentation that users should set `PasswordAuthentication no` similar to how they list `PermitRootLogin no` in evidence E7. Having ` PasswordAuthentication yes` and using SSH keys still allows malicious users the ability to brute force the password and with a user using an SSH key they will typically put less effort into creating a secure password.

Home Assistant should also list instructions on how to create non-root users so they can effectively secure their internet-facing machine with evidence E7. While evidence E7 will stop a malicious user from accessing the device as root if the user is unable to set up non-root users the control will fail. This is a gap in Home Assistants configuration documentation.

The final gap that I noticed was with evidence E6. [Fail2Ban]( https://pimylifeup.com/raspberry-pi-fail2ban/#:~:text=%20Installing%20and%20configuring%20Fail2ban%20%201%20Before,file%20called%20%E2%80%9C%20jail.conf%20%E2%80%9C..%20We...%20More%20) is a crucial piece of software used to secure Linux devices by blocking malicious connections. Fail2Ban works by scanning log files and looks for multiple unauthorized or failed login attempts and updates the device's firewall to block that IP address. It is a standard cybersecurity practice and it is recommended by cybersecurity professionals for users who open their SSH port up to the internet.

#### [Return to top](#assurance-case-list)

### Assurance Case 2
#### .red[TODO] Insert Assurance Case 2 Name

![Assurance Case 2 Diagram:](/images/)
.red[TODO] Insert Assuracne Case 2 Image

#### Evidence for Assurance Case 2

.red[TODO] Insert Evidence 2

#### [Return to top](#assurance-case-list)

### Assurance Case 3
#### .red[TODO] Insert Assurance Case 3 Name

![Assurance Case 3 Diagram:](/images/IoT_Assurance_Case.png)

#### Evidence for Assurance Case 3

.red[TODO] Insert Evidence 3

#### [Return to top](#assurance-case-list)

### Assurance Case 4
#### Home Assistant efficiently prevents users from installing malicious addons.

![Assurance Case 4 Diagram:](/images/Assurance_Case_4.png)

#### Evidence for Assurance Case 4
Home Assistant offers both officially supported add-ons as well as third-party add-ons to fully utilize the capabilities of home automation with Home Assistant. They encourage users to develop their own add-ons if there are not any officially supported or third-party add-ons that support devices that users want. They also encourage those who have created add-ons to contribute to the community by publishing them to the public. Home Assistant has even created a tutorial document for advanced users who want to begin [creating and publishing add-ons](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/add-ons). This feature is a major aspect of Home Assistant's usability and integration ability with home automation, but this also creates a major risk to the application security with the risk of malicious add-ons.

As you can see in Rebuttal R1, installing malicious add-ons are not the only security risk. With Home Assistant having to communicate with outside repositories when downloading add-ons and updates this adds a risk of a Man in The Middle attack. Home Assistant utilizes HTTPS encryption to try to prevent these attacks. Wireshark logs and update logs could also be implemented to watch any suspicious activity.

As for Rebuttal R2 with third-party add-ons, Home Assistant community-made third-party add-ons are all publicly published on [GitHub](https://github.com/hassio-addons), explained in sub-claim C2. To prevent any risk from installing any malicious third-party add-ons, Home Assistant warns users about the risk of installing add-ons multiple times shown on their [website](https://www.home-assistant.io/hassio/installing_third_party_addons/#:~:text=Installing%20third-party%20add-ons%20Home%20Assistant%20allows%20anyone%20to,you%20can%20use%20our%20example%20add-on%20repository%20at) and within the application. If the user still enables third-party add-ons such as said in Rebuttal R3, Home Assistant makes sure that it points to the official community add-on repo said in sub-claim C4. Evidence E5 states that Home Assistant provides quality ratings on all third-party add-ons within the community repository with 6 being very secure and 1 meaning that users should not install it unless they are 100% sure that they can trust the source. Evidence E4 supports this sub-claim as well by making sure that users provide a Github link that they can trust based on Evidence E5 as well as Evidence E6 which Home Assitant can utilize the [Github code scanner](https://github.blog/2020-09-30-code-scanning-is-now-available/) to find security vulnerabilities within the repositories. Though, if a user provides an unsupported/bad Github link stated in Undermine UM1, Sub-claim C5 states that Home Assistant runs all add-ons on separate self-contained docker containers to prevent any malicious add-on from taking over the system with Evidence E7 and E8 to support this claim from [Home Assistant add-on communication document](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/add-ons/communication) and [add-on configuration document](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/add-ons/configuration). Sub-claim C6 also states that all add-ons are run in protection enabled mode with Evidence E9 and E10 to support this claim from the [Add-on security document](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/add-ons/security) and the [Add-on configuration document](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/add-ons/configuration).

As for Home Assitant official add-ons, we presume that they are secure and if a vulnerability is found such as stated in Undercut UC1, Sub-claim C7 states that all officially supported add-ons are managed by the core team of Home Assistant and are frequently updated and monitored with logs stated in Evidence E11 and E12.

#### [Return to top](#assurance-case-list)

### Assurance Case 5
#### .red[TODO] Insert Assurance Case 5 Name

![Assurance Case 5 Diagram:](/images/)
.red[TODO] Insert Assuracne Case 5 Image

#### Evidence for Assurance Case 5

.red[TODO] Insert Evidence 5

#### [Return to top](#assurance-case-list)

## Reflection

.red[TODO] Insert Reflection

## Planning and Contribution

To Project Board we utilized for this assignment can be viewed at [Assurance Cases Project Board](https://github.com/Chrs987/HomeAssistant/projects/3)

Commit message:

Adding pt2 and resized diagram

Assurance Cases.md, after:

# Assurance Cases

### Assurance Case List

* #### [Home Assistant efecttively stores and protects sensitive user information.](#assurance-case-1)

* #### [INSERT NAME HERE](#assurance-case-2)

* #### [Home Assistant minimizes the risk when  adding IoT devices](#assurance-case-3)

* #### [Home Assistant efficiently prevents users from installing malicious addons.](#assurance-case-4)

* #### [INSERT NAME HERE](#assurance-case-5)

### Assurance Case 1
#### Home Assistant effectively stores and protects sensitive user information.

![Assurance Case 1 Diagram:](/images/Assurance_Case_1.PNG)

#### Evidence for Assurance Case 1
Home Assistant offers users the ability to edit the `configuration.yaml` file on the local network via a variety of different options. The `configuration.yaml` file is the base configuration file where users can add their [YAML]( https://yaml.org/) code to specify device settings. This gives users the ability to integrate devices that are not configurable through Home Assistants user interface. The `configuration.yaml` files is a plain-text file that is readable by anyone who has access to the file, as seen in rebuttal R1. The file contains API tokens, account usernames, and passwords. As seen in sub-claim C2, Home Assistant recommends users store their sensitive information in the [secrets.yaml]( https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/configuration/secrets/) file, which is a separate configuration file. `Secrets.yaml` allows users to replace sensitive information in the `configuration.yaml` file with `!secret`. `!secret` will tell the configuration file that the sensitive information is in `secrets.yaml`. However as seen in rebuttal R2, `secrets.yaml` still stores password information in plain test and resides in the same `config` folder as the `configuration.yaml` file. If the `config` folder is comprised, a malicious user will have access to sensitive account information and API keys. 

Sub-claim C3 and Evidence E1 and E2 help protect sensitive information by giving users different locations to store sensitive account information that is not in plain text. While `secrets.yaml` is mentioned in the Home Assistant setup documentation, they also mention [Keyrings]( https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/tools/keyring/) and [Credstash]( https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/tools/credstash/). E2 protects sensitive user data because there is no longer a `secrets.yaml` file in the base `config` folder. As seen in E1, sensitive data is replaced with `!secret` and will grab the sensitive data from Credstash or the Keyring. Credstash and Keyrings can still be compromised as seen in Undermine UM1. Sub-claims C4 focuses on Keyring and explains how sensitive information is stored on the Operating System and only accessible through password authentication (Evidence E3). Sub-claim C5 focuses on using Credstash which requires an Amazon Webservices (AWS) account set up and accounts must follow AWS password [guidelines]( https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_passwords_change-root.html) (Evidence E4). The passwords in E3 and E4 will protect sensitive user data from being compromised by a malicious user. Both Evidence E3 and E4 and their respective sub-claims allow more protection than what was offered in sub-claim C2. Now the standard user will not have to store a password in plaintext files that can be accessible by anyone on the local network.

Home Assistant resides on the local network and does not have any ports open to the internet when the device is initially set up, noted by Inference Rule IR1. Undercut UC1 undercuts IR1 because users can configure their device to allow SSH access by forwarding the appropriate ports on the device and their router. SSH does not come enabled by default and Home Assistant offers documentation on how to enable [SSH]( https://www.home-assistant.io/blog/2017/11/02/secure-shell-tunnel/). Sub-claim C6 claims that the user sets up SSH securely. Evidence E5 specifies that users should use SSH keys for authentication, it is also good practice to use SSH keys instead of passwords to prevent brute force password attempts. The documentation recommends authentication via SSH keys instead of passwords, but it does not inform the user to disable Password Authentication in the `sshd_config` file. As seen in Undermine UM2, if the user still has password authentication enabled the password can be brute forces. Sub-claim C7 says that if the user sets `PasswordAuthentication no` in the `sshd_config` file evidence E8 provides assurance that this is done by showing the setting in the `sshd_config` file.

Evidence E7 is directly stated in Home Assistants documentation. It prevents users from using SSH with their root account. They will need to create less privileged accounts to access Home Assistant over SSH, which is a good security practice, but their documentation does not specify how to create non-root accounts on a Linux based system, nor does it link to any sort of 3rd party documentation. This is a good security control and is standard practice amongst Cybersecurity professionals however Home Assistant documentation does not elaborate on this.

I would list sub-claim C7 and evidence E8 as a gap for Home Assistant configuration. While they do link to a [third party site]( https://docs.fedoraproject.org//en-US/Fedora/14/html/Deployment_Guide/s2-ssh-configuration-keypairs.html) with instructions on how to enable SSH keys, they should list in their configuration documentation that users should set `PasswordAuthentication no` similar to how they list `PermitRootLogin no` in evidence E7. Having ` PasswordAuthentication yes` and using SSH keys still allows malicious users the ability to brute force the password and with a user using an SSH key they will typically put less effort into creating a secure password.

Home Assistant should also list instructions on how to create non-root users so they can effectively secure their internet-facing machine with evidence E7. While evidence E7 will stop a malicious user from accessing the device as root if the user is unable to set up non-root users the control will fail. This is a gap in Home Assistants configuration documentation.

The final gap that I noticed was with evidence E6. [Fail2Ban]( https://pimylifeup.com/raspberry-pi-fail2ban/#:~:text=%20Installing%20and%20configuring%20Fail2ban%20%201%20Before,file%20called%20%E2%80%9C%20jail.conf%20%E2%80%9C..%20We...%20More%20) is a crucial piece of software used to secure Linux devices by blocking malicious connections. Fail2Ban works by scanning log files and looks for multiple unauthorized or failed login attempts and updates the device's firewall to block that IP address. It is a standard cybersecurity practice and it is recommended by cybersecurity professionals for users who open their SSH port up to the internet.

#### [Return to top](#assurance-case-list)

### Assurance Case 2
#### .red[TODO] Insert Assurance Case 2 Name

![Assurance Case 2 Diagram:](/images/)
.red[TODO] Insert Assuracne Case 2 Image

#### Evidence for Assurance Case 2

.red[TODO] Insert Evidence 2

#### [Return to top](#assurance-case-list)

### Assurance Case 3
#### .red[TODO] Insert Assurance Case 3 Name

![Assurance Case 3 Diagram:](/images/IoT_Assurance_Case.png)

#### Evidence for Assurance Case 3

Home Assistant offers the ability to securely integrate various IoT devices in your home on a single platform. Home Assistant has community made integrations available for many devices, from light bulbs to cameras. Home Assistant rates the add-ons 1 – 6 based on the assigned Home Assistant API role. A rating of 1 means the user should trust this add-on source because it is likely to ask for elevated privileges. A rating of 6 means the integration is secure. Unless the device is not compatible with Home Assistant, as stated in R1. Then the user will have two options to add the device. The first is adding the device via Discovery. This tool will automatically discover and configure [compatible IoT devices](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/discovery/). If the device is not compatible with Discovery, the user will need to configure the configuration.yaml file, as stated in C4. The first evidence of the successful configurations is user should see the device in the Home Assistant user interface. The second is the user should be able to see the API data when pushed or polled. 

Unless the device is incompatible with Home Assistant but never integrated, the user will manually integrate the device with code, as stated In C3.  Unless the user interfaces the device directly, the device will interact with a third-party Python library created by the user. Once the library is published, the user will add the device to the integration manifest, as seen in E3. Home Assistant has a gap here because the third-party libraries are not verified for security vulnerabilities or malware by Home Assistant. The gap is left to be addressed by the user. They are to analyze the security rating and make a decision based on their knowledge of the source. Unless the library contains malicious code or add on and the community deems it safe. The IoT device's integration will later be scored again as follows: No Score, Silver, Gold, Platinum. No Score means the device will need to be manually configured and is using basic communication protocols. The silver rating means the integration will cope when things go wrong and not print exceptions or log retry attempts. The device will also provide basic statuses. Gold integrations will be able to survive poor conditions and can be easily configured via the user interface. Platinum integrations are the best. These integrations are easily configured via the user interface and fast because they are entirely async. 

Inference Rule 1 assumes that if the device is an IoT device, we can poll for data and possibly push instructions. Undercut 1 undercuts Inference Rule 1 because some manufacturers provide proprietary hardware for companies that offer a service. The company could demand the manufacturer lock the API with a password to avoid the device be used in another way other than originally intended. Otherwise, the IoT device should be able to be integrated. This claim will need to be further developed because the user will need to research if the device is already integrated with code and compatible with discovery. 


#### [Return to top](#assurance-case-list)

### Assurance Case 4
#### Home Assistant efficiently prevents users from installing malicious addons.

![Assurance Case 4 Diagram:](/images/Assurance_Case_4.png)

#### Evidence for Assurance Case 4
Home Assistant offers both officially supported add-ons as well as third-party add-ons to fully utilize the capabilities of home automation with Home Assistant. They encourage users to develop their own add-ons if there are not any officially supported or third-party add-ons that support devices that users want. They also encourage those who have created add-ons to contribute to the community by publishing them to the public. Home Assistant has even created a tutorial document for advanced users who want to begin [creating and publishing add-ons](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/add-ons). This feature is a major aspect of Home Assistant's usability and integration ability with home automation, but this also creates a major risk to the application security with the risk of malicious add-ons.

As you can see in Rebuttal R1, installing malicious add-ons are not the only security risk. With Home Assistant having to communicate with outside repositories when downloading add-ons and updates this adds a risk of a Man in The Middle attack. Home Assistant utilizes HTTPS encryption to try to prevent these attacks. Wireshark logs and update logs could also be implemented to watch any suspicious activity.

As for Rebuttal R2 with third-party add-ons, Home Assistant community-made third-party add-ons are all publicly published on [GitHub](https://github.com/hassio-addons), explained in sub-claim C2. To prevent any risk from installing any malicious third-party add-ons, Home Assistant warns users about the risk of installing add-ons multiple times shown on their [website](https://www.home-assistant.io/hassio/installing_third_party_addons/#:~:text=Installing%20third-party%20add-ons%20Home%20Assistant%20allows%20anyone%20to,you%20can%20use%20our%20example%20add-on%20repository%20at) and within the application. If the user still enables third-party add-ons such as said in Rebuttal R3, Home Assistant makes sure that it points to the official community add-on repo said in sub-claim C4. Evidence E5 states that Home Assistant provides quality ratings on all third-party add-ons within the community repository with 6 being very secure and 1 meaning that users should not install it unless they are 100% sure that they can trust the source. Evidence E4 supports this sub-claim as well by making sure that users provide a Github link that they can trust based on Evidence E5 as well as Evidence E6 which Home Assitant can utilize the [Github code scanner](https://github.blog/2020-09-30-code-scanning-is-now-available/) to find security vulnerabilities within the repositories. Though, if a user provides an unsupported/bad Github link stated in Undermine UM1, Sub-claim C5 states that Home Assistant runs all add-ons on separate self-contained docker containers to prevent any malicious add-on from taking over the system with Evidence E7 and E8 to support this claim from [Home Assistant add-on communication document](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/add-ons/communication) and [add-on configuration document](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/add-ons/configuration). Sub-claim C6 also states that all add-ons are run in protection enabled mode with Evidence E9 and E10 to support this claim from the [Add-on security document](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/add-ons/security) and the [Add-on configuration document](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/add-ons/configuration).

As for Home Assitant official add-ons, we presume that they are secure and if a vulnerability is found such as stated in Undercut UC1, Sub-claim C7 states that all officially supported add-ons are managed by the core team of Home Assistant and are frequently updated and monitored with logs stated in Evidence E11 and E12.

#### [Return to top](#assurance-case-list)

### Assurance Case 5
#### .red[TODO] Insert Assurance Case 5 Name

![Assurance Case 5 Diagram:](/images/)
.red[TODO] Insert Assuracne Case 5 Image

#### Evidence for Assurance Case 5

.red[TODO] Insert Evidence 5

#### [Return to top](#assurance-case-list)

## Reflection

.red[TODO] Insert Reflection

## Planning and Contribution

To Project Board we utilized for this assignment can be viewed at [Assurance Cases Project Board](https://github.com/Chrs987/HomeAssistant/projects/3)
